I want to talk to you just briefly about
how we used to do marketing 10 years ago
and how I think we have to do it today
specifically how we have to invest based
on measurement so let me take you back
to
2015 and back in 2015 I was running a
software company a couple hundred people
uh you know doing tens of millions of
dollars of Revenue and at that time we
were basing almost all of our marketing
Investments on what could send us
traffic so our top of funnel kpi right
key performance indicator our top of
funnel kpi was traffic website traffic
that's what we cared about most we took
that traffic and then we looked at how
we could improve the conversion rate how
we could get people into at the time our
free trial and then convert them to to
stay and become a paying customer at the
middle of the funnel it was all about
kind of capturing their their sign up
process uh getting them to to download a
report or uh sign up for the blog
visiting our our free trial checkout
page those kinds of metrics and at the
bottom of the funnel of course were
conversions people who actually signed
up for the free trial and people who
made it through the free trial that was
almost beyond the the conversion event
but in 2025 I'm I'm running another
software company this one much smaller
more focused
but our top of funnel has nothing to do
with traffic traffic to us is a vanity
metric what we really think about is do
our messages reach the people that we
want to reach in the places that they
pay attention and the only way to
measure that is actually with what in
2015 I would have told you I would have
called a vanity metric it was its
Impressions its views its engagements
this is this is across our different
channels we look at LinkedIn we look at
YouTube we look at podcasts we've been
guests on we look look at uh events that
we go to we look at webinars that we do
we look at threads and yes we even still
look at Twitter sometimes and and blue
sky right and we look at did we have an
impact on those people did our messages
resonate and did they reach the right
people in those places where we know
that they pay
attention then our next midf funnel kpi
is essentially do people search for our
brand so not we we know what's going to
happen right people are going to watch a
video on LinkedIn you might be watching
this on on LinkedIn or threads or blue
sky or Twitter right
now and then we look at whether they
search for spark Toro or type in spark
toro.com come to our website usually
it's not via link right you might you
know go to I don't know my YouTube
profile if you're watching this on
YouTube and then try and see oh okay
rand's Scott his link to spark Toro
there I'll click it from there but
usually no usually you'll just watch the
video go away and then a few weeks a few
months later you'll go hey who is that
guy who's talking about Good audience
research software what was this company
oh yeah spark too and then that's when
you'll come back we also measure
conversion rate in the middle because we
know that if our message is resonating
if people are going hey yeah you know
what I like what these guys are putting
down and and I'm vibing with this like
audience research idea and the the idea
that actually stud people then not only
will they come to our site but more of
the people who come come to the site
after seeing those messages will be
likely to convert and then at the bottom
it's the same thing right it's sales
it's did people sign up for the free or
paid version of the product in our case
most of the
time this can be done for e-commerce it
can be done for B to B it can be done
for D to
C sky's the limit you you don't have to
constrain yourself with 2015 styles of
measurement when you know that's not how
the web works we know people don't click
links anymore we know that traffic is
falling from Google we know that the AI
tools aren't sending out traffic we know
that all the major platforms have
disincentivized links we know that users
don't like links we know that people
don't like clicking links in their
mobile if you know that then you have to
change how you measure marketing and
this is what I think the future has to
look like